Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What the hell happened?
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
The Great Eclipse
What is this?
Where the hell are we?
Hey!
Weren't we just riding
over the grassy plains?
Or were we just
dreaming as we rode along?
Or without realizing it...
...d- d-did we all just die?
Calm down!
Calm down?
How the hell are we
going to calm down?
Quiet!
Everyone, compose yourselves!
Forget about what
you can't understand!
Focus on what you can do!
Everyone, make a tight formation!
No one is to stray from the group!
Guts, get Griffith on your horse!
Got it!
Hurry up, over there!
Under these circumstances...
She's one hell of a woman.
All right Griffith, here we go.
What is this doing here?
I know for sure Griffith didn't
have this when we rescued him.
This strange shape...
Griffith.
The time has come...
Time for the midnight festival...
The banquet that
happens only once in 216 years...
The Great Eclipse!
Where did they come from...
What the hell are they?
He is coming...
His presence is imminent...
The King of the supreme beings...
It is the advent of
the four guardian angels!
What the...
What is it?
A giant?
One after the other...
I'm dreaming...
This has to be a dream!
What next?
What the hell is going on?
It is time for the blessing.
Welcome to this final chapter...
The final destination...
...for you, our sacred baby lambs.
Enjoy this holy banquet to the fullest.
Chosen by fate...
Our Apostle, our Hawk!
You are the appointed one.
Here in this place, in this moment...
You who have been
chosen by the hand of God.
We are your kinsmen...
And presently,
you'll be our blessed King!
Griffith?
Kinsmen?
Griffith is a...
Cut the crap!
You drag us into this God forsaken
place and on top of that you think...
...you can say
whatever the hell you want!
Apostle?
Kinsmen?
Don't be ridiculous!
There's not one shred of him
that resembles the likes of you!
Don't you dare put him in
the same boat as you freaks!
Guts!
What a beautiful friendship.
You will certainly be an
excellent sacrificial offering...
A sacrifice?
Yes.
The precious sacrifice that is
necessary for him to become a demon.
Demon...
Sacrifice?
Exactly.
From the moment you took
hold of the Crimson Behelit...
You were qualified to become a demon.
In fact, it is because
you inherently possessed...
...the predestined
requirements that...
...the Behelit fell into your hands.
And the fact you used
the Behelit to summon us...
...is proof that you are
qualified to become one of us.
All the corpses that have
gathered here have used Behelits...
...to take on the form
they were destined to assume.
You don't mean that...
So all the demons really are...
And the Behelit you hold in
your hand is no ordinary Behelit!
The crimson Behelit falls...
...only into the hands of us guardian
angels, those destined to become...
...members of the God Hand.
The Egg of the King.
And all of you are here to
serve as sacrificial offerings...
...for the christening of this angel...
You're saying that you will
transform Griffith into one of these beasts?
In exchange for our lives?
Not quite.
It will be his will, not ours.
It is he who will
offer you as sacrifices...
That's impossible...
It's impossible.
It is all fixed in the flow of destiny...
When his fate was fixed long ago...
...your lives were spun
in to the web of his destiny...
...by being chosen as the
sacrificial offerings for this final moment.
We will now begin
the Baptism ceremony.
Bring him to the altar!
What the...
Guts!
Griffith!
Baptism!
Are you afraid?
Of us?
Of those who are
infinitely more powerful than you?
Of our almighty power?
Or is it the future?
Before we venture in to the
future, let us venture back once more...
...to the landscape of your past...
You shall know the truth.
And see exactly what it is you are...
What?
Did everyone go home?
We all said we were
going to see the castle.
Oh Well...
I'll go by myself.
Hey, where am I?
I think I'm lost.
Hey, old lady.
Which way is the castle?
This way?
Thank you.
Yes, yes.
Your friends went
ahead, they'll be waiting.
I think I've ended up
somewhere I shouldn't be.
Hey, anybody there?
You are a noisy child!
Old lady, it's horrible!
There are so many dead people...
I know...
You know?
That's terrible,
you knew and you lied to me.
I didn't lie.
This is the only path
that leads to the castle.
The only path...
Those who are heading towards the
castle must either step over those who...
...have fallen, or become
one of them and remain here.
See here, it's your friend!
Y-You're...
You're going to the castle
to become King, aren't you?
You're amazing!
I want to be a knight one day...
See?
Hey...
Take me with you.
I'll give you this if you do.
I'll work hard, I promise.
All right?
No...
What?
Why not?
No, I can't...
Because you're already...
You're already dead...
Take us with you too...
We want to fight with you...
I believe you can
make it to the castle...
I would love to see
the empire you'll build...
I want to fight under your flag...
No...
You can't...
I can't take you with me...
You're all dead...
None of you are alive anymore!
That's why I can't take
any of you to the castle!
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry...
Well, well, what a child you are.
You must know that it's your fault
that these people ended up this way.
Isn't that so?
It is by following your lead
that they ended up this way...
If you hadn't said that
you wanted to venture up there...
...then none of this
would have happened.
But...
I never forced anyone to come along...
Oh, what a thing to say!
How do you think you
were able to come thus far?
Listen now!
The cobblestones that pave this path...
...you have taken are
made from dead bodies.
And that's not all.
Those people have laid three,
four, five fold more cobble stones...
...with bodies of others they killed...
...so that you could
get to where you are now.
There, take a look...
If you are to make it
all the way to the castle...
...you will need to pave your
path with many more stones...
What's wrong?
Are you scared now?
Do you want to turn back now?
You can't think like that!
If you let your fears conquer you...
...you will become just like
one of these cobblestones.
Look closely now at your own hands.
My hands!
What a silly boy!
If you were going to end
up regretting your actions...
...you should have never
come here in the first place.
This is not such a soft place!
Why couldn't you be satisfied by simply
gazing at the castle from an alleyway?
I...
I didn't know...
Be quiet!
You must have known
what kind of place this was!
Known...
...all along...
...and walked all over them...
...to get here...
What are you saying now?
This is the path that
leads to your dream, isn't it?
That's what you believe, right?
Why are you stalling
after all that's happened?
That's right, now go lay those stones.
It's not too late.
You have no other choice!
Before you become one of
them, lay those cobblestones!
Yes.
What is the point
of regretting anything?
What's the use in repenting my sins?
What can I possibly
say to those who have died?
I cannot apologize to them now.
This is...
...the path that I have chosen.
If I regret my actions or
apologize for them, then it's all over.
And I will never
reach my destined goal...
Yes.
That is who you are.
An illusion?
Not an illusion.
It is the reality in your consciousness.
Reaching for the
castle in the heavens...
Stacking cobblestones to the
highest summit, that is your destiny.
You have come thus far...
Stepping over the thousands
of stones that are your brothers...
...and the tens of thousands
of stones they paved for you.
Disregarding what or who they were...
You carried only
one thought in your mind...
And now you have
reached the end of the path.
Look around...
The gift at the final
destination of your bloody journey.
All the wings that carried
you above your comrades...
Each pair of wings...
Surely they will forgive you...
Although they imagine
they have fallen into despair...
They will welcome
you with open arms...
And you shall live on...
Entrust your
wounded soul with them...
Leave your past behind...
And bury yourself in
the debris of your dreams.
The debris...
...of my dreams...
That is the punishment of God.
But if your dream is still alive...
If that castle still gleams in your eyes...
You must stack the
remaining stones that surround you...
Let us chant...
This we offer!
Hesitation will not grant the black wings
to fly from the mountain tops to the heavens.
Fate frees one from human reasoning...
If reason sees children only as
toys, then by the Laws of Karma...
...a child must embrace
the evil within and face fate!
Griffith!
Yes...
Out of all the thousands of comrades
and tens of thousands of enemies.
Only one...
You and you alone...
You allowed me to forget my dream...
I offer myself.
Griffith.
The threads of destiny
are now bound together...
The promised time has come!
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Time of Eternity